African penguins are endangered
normally they live on offshore islands
but 15 years ago a dozen birds arrived
here and today protected by suburbia
there are now 3,000 in this the fastest
growing colony of African penguins can
be quite a challenge to move around out
of water especially for the young
penguins may not be able to fly through
the air but in the water they do just
that
summer is the time of year for mooing a
raucous but delicate affair unlock has
always seemed to poke their noses in
where they're not wanted and then they
take size
ungulate tortoises are also according
with all the subtlety of small tanks